**Previous action items:**
* Hugh write Use cases for Papyri.info
* everybody add statements to https://github.com/distributed-text-services/API/wiki/Passage-API-Requirements

**Going through Hugh's Conceptual Framework:**
* (Most) everything is a collection as per ontology
* Use term container for datastructure collection
* You may or may not have a ConceptualWork,
* Manuscript may be one-off without belonging to a ConceptualWork

**Looking at Bridget's implementation:**
* missing from her model in contrast to Hugh's: metadata on relationships to external objects
* Hugh agrees that the implementation adequately maps navigation within his conceptual framework
* Agreement to split modeling of inter- and intra-document navigation

**Core metadata:**
* Jonathan: What are our core metadata?
* How to determine make-up of core metadata?
* Jonathan: keep it minimal, allow people to extend with their own specs
* Jeff: use Bridget's DTS namespace

**How to go forward from Bridget's examples:**
* Jonathan: create a concrete list and go from there
* Bridget agrees to migrate current state into RADL
* Jeff/Hugh suggest trying it in practice and see how it works
* Thibault is already working on a port in CapiTainS
* Thibault suggests documenting in ontology form as well

**Comparison to RDA:**
* Jonathan: currently uses hardcoded URIs, prefers link-relations and common entry point
* Bridget: RDA can serve as an example of a formalization
* Jeff: what about IDs in URL form, Bridget need to be escaped, Thibault: try to avoid query strings
* Hugh: what does static mean, Bridget: it means mutability of collection configuration, but there are multiple dimensions of mutability: collections,relations,  members, metadata

**ID vs location:**
* ids may not be resolvable
* ids are not api locations

**Intra-Document navigation/rendering:**
* Jonathan: we previously agreed on using media type to structure docs, but usage is relevant too
* Hugh: 
* Jonathan: do we want to query docs with different mediatypes, or will those be different things?
* Hugh: would be good, possibly out of scope (much work)
* Bridget: stick to text (don't redo things like IIIF)

**Action Items:**
* Jeff, Hugh and Thibault implement their use cases with Bridget's format
* Jonathan do proposal for intra-passage API
* Bridget produce ontology for DTS

**Next meeting: January 9th 2017**
