**Attendees:**

Bridget Almas, Hugh Cayless, Thibault Cl√©rice, Emmanuelle Morlock, Matteo Romanello

**Action Items:**

* Bridget will create a separate GitHub repository for the group meeting minutes and add this week's minutes as well as copies of prior week's minutes to it

* Hugh is assigned to create a draft of the Hydra documentation (per issue https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/139). Emmanuelle and Bridget will review and contribute.

* All are to review and provide comments on the request to support multiple sections of text in the document api (https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/138). Discussion of this request will be on the agenda for next month's meeting.

* Bridget will draft a writeup of the group discussion on roles and responsibilities and submit for feedback

**Decisions:**

* Going forward, meetings will be on the first Thursday of the month at 14:00 UTC. We may meet more often as needed approaching releases or big decisions, but that will be the standard meeting date/time.

**Other Discussion Points:**

* ENC is submitting a proposal for a Text APIs meeting after DH next year

* We discussed policies for decision making and roles and responsibilities. Bridget is tasked with summarizing the discussion and submitting to the group for review and refinement.



