**Attendance**

- Jonathan
- Thibault
- Hugh
- Bridget
- Ian

Excused:

- Vincent

**Action Items**

***From Previous Meeting:***

DONE

* Bridget will create a separate GitHub repository for the group meeting minutes and add this week's minutes as well as copies of prior week's minutes to it

* All are to review and provide comments on the request to support multiple sections of text in the document api (https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/138). Discussion of this request will be on the agenda for next month's meeting.

* Bridget will draft a writeup of the group discussion on roles and responsibilities and submit for feedback

OPEN

* Hugh is assigned to create a draft of the Hydra documentation (per issue https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/139). Emmanuelle and Bridget will review and contribute.

***New Action Items:***

**Decisions**

**Discussion**

* Roles and responsibilities

On 10/23/18 4:18 PM, Bridget Almas wrote:
> Hi all,
>
> At the last DTS meeting I took as an action item to write up a summary 
> of our discussion about roles and responsibilities to send to each of 
> you for review prior to forwarding to the full list. Here's what I have:
>
> # Roles
>
> **Technical Committee Member**
>
> * attends at least 1/2 of the regular teleconferences
>
> * is responsible for voting on new feature requests and bugs
>
> * must take into account issues raised by observers and users of the 
> standard
>
> * is responsible for contributing to development of specification 
> features and bug fixes

Question: what about excused absences?

Consensus: let's record them.  If it ever comes to a question of whether someone should be
kicked off, we can decide how to take it into account.

Question: how flexible are we on dates?

Consensus: if a member of the technical committee can't make it, we can negotiate dates.

> **Observer**
>
> * comments on documentation, stays abreast of decisions, provides use 
> cases

Is this a formal role?

Thibault: this is mostly about recognition.

Consensus: We will change the name to 'contributor' to make it sound less formal.

> # Process
>
>  * We should create a formal technical committee which is responsible 
> for voting on feature requests and bugs

Technical committee includes current members - Jonathan, Bridget, Thibault, Hugh, Vincent, Ian.

> * For initial setup of the technical committee we should send a mail 
> to the group list to ask people to send a request to join the 
> technical committee.

Jonathan (chair) will do this.

> * In order to be a member in good standing on the technical committee 
> you must commit to attending at least *half* of the regular 
> teleconference meetings
>
> * Once the initial committee is established, the committee itself is 
> responsible for approving new members to the committee
>
> *  New feature requests must be voted on by the technical committee in 
> order to be approved as additions to the spec.
>
> * Committee members have 1 month after a feature request is officially 
> opened for voting to provide their vote.  If you don't vote within 
> that time frame, it is the same as voting yes. The exception is 
> feature requests opened for voting in July and August. The voting 
> period for these is extended to 2 months.

Decisions are normally made by consensus.  If there is need for a vote, the chair
is responsible for determining a fair process and ensuring adequately informed
discussion ahead of time.

Consensus means that there is adequate representation, nobody cannot live with
the decision, and there is general approval for the decision.

ACTION:  Jonathan to write a proposal for the role of the chair.

The rest of this is postponed for the next meeting:

> That is about as far as we got according to my notes. Some things I 
> can think of that still need to be decided:
>
> - what is the process for approving and assigning bugs
>
> - what is the process for assigning new features once voted on
>
> - what is the minimum number of YES votes need to accept a new feature 
> or bug
>
> - what is the process for officially opening the voting period for a 
> feature or bug request (i.e. does the clock start when the item is 
> submitted, is there a formal triage process, etc.)
>
>
> Let me know if I've missed anything and whether this is ok to send to 
> the wider list.
>
> Thanks
>
> Bridget

* Issue 138
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/138

ACTION:  Everyone should make proposals directly in the issue, pointing to any gists or other artifacts needed.

***Roles and Responsibilities***

***Process***

***Goals***

**Next Meeting**

Meetings will be on the first Thursday of the month at 14:00 UTC. We may meet more often as needed approaching releases or big decisions, but that will be the standard meeting date/time.

This is December 6th, and Jonathan may be unable to attend. Could we move this a week later to December 13th?

Decision:  We will meet at 4:15 p.m. French time on December 13th (10:15 ET).
