**Attendance**

- Jonathan
- Thibault
- Hugh
- Bridget
- Ian
- Vincent

**Action Items**

***From Previous Meeting:***

DONE:

> * For initial setup of the technical committee we should send a mail 
> to the group list to ask people to send a request to join the 
> technical committee.

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/distributed-text-services/r41HgZxgEdU

* ACTION:  Jonathan to write a proposal for the role of the chair.

Here's my first take at it:

> The chair is responsible to run the meetings, create agendas,  ensure that issues are adequately understood before decisions are made, and seek decisions by consensus whenever possible.  The chair also ensures that decisions are adequately recorded and assigns and tracks action items.

OPEN:

* Hugh is assigned to create a draft of the Hydra documentation (per issue https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/139). Emmanuelle and Bridget will review and contribute.


***New Action Items:***

* Jonathan to remove the ongoing calendar invite and create new invites as we schedule meetings.

**Decisions**

**Discussion**

* Process: The following decisions still need to be made:

> That is about as far as we got according to my notes. Some things I 
> can think of that still need to be decided:
>
> - what is the process for approving and assigning bugs

Need to have a prioritized list of issues for our meetings, drawn from:
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues

Need to:
* Eliminate duplicates (Thibault generally does this)
* Set highest priority issues

Suggestion:
* Add tag - "Discuss" to indicate items "ready for discussion" in upcoming meetings.  Anyone can assign this tag.

> - what is the process for assigning new features once voted on

* We ask who can take the action item in a meeting.

> - what is the minimum number of YES votes need to accept a new feature 
> or bug

* We will seek consensus first - real enthusiasm from some and no strong disagreement.
* If consensus cannot be reached in a meeting, we will generally postpone the decision pending further discussion.
* If we find ourselves unable to reach a decision on an important issue, the chair will work with participants or appoint someone else to work with participants beyond meeting time to try to find agreement.
* If we simply cannot reach a decision, the group needs to decide how to proceed.

What about conflict of interest with the chair, when the chair has a strong opinion?

* Group members can always say they believe the chair should recuse for a decision or other activity
* Group members can ask chair to be excessively clear whether operating as a member or chairing

> - what is the process for officially opening the voting period for a 
> feature or bug request (i.e. does the clock start when the item is 
> submitted, is there a formal triage process, etc.)

* In general, anything at all complicated should be submitted at least 1 week before a meeting that decides on it.
* If there is consensus to make a decision in a meeting, we can decide


* Issue 138
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/138
ACTION:  Everyone should make proposals directly in the issue, pointing to any gists or other artifacts needed.

Decided:  we will discuss this in the upcoming meeting.

* Extending DTS for write operations
https://github.com/monotasker/specifications/blob/master/Optional-Extensions.md

**New members**

We agreed to add Vincent to the Technical Committee.

**Next Meeting**

Meetings will generally be on the first Thursday of the month at 14:00 UTC. We may meet more often as needed approaching releases or big decisions, but that will be the standard meeting date/time.

Decision:  We will meet at 4:15 p.m. French time on January 17th (10:15 ET).
