**Attendance**

- Jonathan
- Thibault
- Hugh
- Bridget
- Ian
- Vincent
- Pascal  (sitting in)

**Action Items**

* Pascal to send an introduction to the Google Group.
* (ongoing) Hugh to create a draft of the Hydra documentation (per issue https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/139). Emmanuelle and Bridget will review and contribute.

**Decisions**

Adopted this definition of the chair's role:

> The chair is responsible to run the meetings, create agendas, ensure that issues are adequately understood before decisions are made, and seek decisions by consensus whenever possible. The chair also ensures that decisions are adequately recorded and assigns and tracks action items.

People who are not members of the technical committee can join our meetings at the discretion of members.

**Agenda**

* Issue 138
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/138

We did not reach agreement on this.  We will attempt to have a Google doc discussion looking at various proposals between now and the next meeting.

- Do we agree this is a requirement?
- If there are alternative proposals, we need them written down
- We need a process that converges

* Extending DTS for write operations
https://github.com/monotasker/specifications/blob/master/Optional-Extensions.md

**Future Agenda Items***

* Ontological Horrors
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/144

**Next Meeting**

Meetings will generally be on the first Thursday of the month at 14:00 UTC. We may meet more often as needed approaching releases or big decisions, but that will be the standard meeting date/time.

Chair to send a Doodle poll on the next meeting time.
