## Attendees
* Bridget Almas
* Hugh Cayless
* Thibault Clerice
* Jonathan Robie
* Ian Scott

## New Action Items

* Ian made necessary tweaks to the documentation and what has to happen is that someone needs to go through and manually resolve
the pull request on the dev branch to master.  There are conflicts so they can't be automatically merged. Ian's goal is to do 
resolve conflicts and issue a clean PR before the end of the year.

* IIIF and Versioning: Hugh and Jonathan and Matteo to try to find a time to meet next week to discuss versioning use cases.

* Bridget will update the list of reference implementations on the website (by December 20)

* Thibault will send an email to the group to try to make a decision about where to resubmit the DTS paper. Some ideas included 
Data Science Journal or Journal of Data Mining and Digital Humanities (try to make a decision by December 20)

* Jonathan will send reminders on action items by January 6

## Update on Outreach

BNF is going to have a test run with DTS and their OCR data. BNF asked why should they do it on top of IIIF. Answer, IIIF 
focus is on image, DTS focus on the text. They will fund an internship for an ENC student between April and July to 
implement the demo. The intern will write a report, with documentation (in French)

What should we do about the paper? Do we want to just publish it on our site? Or resubmit to Semantic Web Journal ? Or another
open access journal? Academia.edu? Medium.com?

## Wish List Items

* Need to improve accessibility to our documentation with tutorials and more examples. 

## Next Meeting

January 17, 2020
