## Attendees

* Bridget Almas
* Ian Scott
* Hugh Cayless
* Thibault Clerice
* Vincent Jolivet

## Action Items

* Thibault to update issue [#164](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/164) with a proposal for 
how the range/capabilities metadata would be represented in the endpoints
* All to review and comment on [IIIF](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/162) and [versioning](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/161) 
issues by the next meeting (25-Oct-2017)
* All to review and comment on draft of [SWJ article](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aQfREQtbLzfs6Hkya2QWnAfjOdpkClli3FuvSR4hxQY/edit). Article is due October 31. First drafts by October 21.
* Bridget to review Perseids implementation
* Thibault and Ian to implement items [124](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/124) and [141](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/141)

## Next Meeting

25 October - main agenda item will be discussion of  [IIIF](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/162) and [versioning](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/161) 
issues by the next meeting (25-Oct-2017) with a goal of moving closer to a vote.

## Discussion Notes

* Thibault and Vincent will be meeting with the BNF in November to discuss the possibility of BNF adopting and implementing a prototype of DTS

* Thibault, Pietro, Matteo and Bridget are drafting an article for submission to [SWJ](http://www.semantic-web-journal.net/blog/special-issue-semantic-web-cultural-heritage). 
First draft is due Oct 21. Thibault's sections are ready for a first review now.

* [Perseids implementation](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/163). Bridget assigned herself to review. Thibault did a quick review and all looked good, some question about implementation of range.

* Team voted to accept Issues [124](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/124) and [141](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/141). 
(Some reluctance still over exact description of new totalChildren and totalParents properties for #141 but all agreed on the concept.)
Items assigned to Thibault and Ian to implement.

* We added a new GO label to the specifications repository to identify items that have been accepted and ready for implementation.
