## Attendees

* Jonathan Robie
* Bridget Almas
* Ian Scott
* Pascal Belouin
* Hugh Cayless
* Thibault Clerice

* James Tauber


## Action Items

Thibault to create issues for each item from the Hamburg DTS workshop that was mentioned in the previous meeting.

## Old Action Items

* **Thibault** to enter/update issues for needed website changes identified during the Hamburg workshop
* **Bridget** to enter issues for Versioning and IIIF 

DONE - 161, 162

## Next Meeting

13 September 

## Discussion Notes

- Search/FIlter
- Versioning
- IIIF


Ian has volunteered to take on issues related to documentation.

### Community Building

* Community building necessary -- we need funding and resources for regular meetings
    * Should we consider more closely aligning with TEI by becoming a TEI SIG? Could this help with meeting funding?
    * Institutional sponsorship would really help here
    * "Relentless" campaigning
    * A standard Poster presentation which could be resused at conferences

Thibault suggests we need both:

- an American effort
- an European effort

We on the committee do not have time to do this. We need to find other people to take this on.

What does success look like?

- RDA (Research Data Alliance) 
- a large institution like BNF implements DTS
- small institutions help establish credibility
  - Perseus / Scaife?
  - Duke: papyrii.info?  epigraphy.info?  could pelagios consume DTS?
  - Open Edition?  Perhaps do a demo for them?
  - Hathi Trust?

To cross the chasm, we need valuable data that is reached most easily using DTS.

- Can we get grants to implement DTS for existing projects?  Or evangelize for this?
  
### Who do we need to convince?

Who are our stakeholders?

* People who write grants
* General managers of infrastructures
* Academics who lead large publication projects
* Libraries
* Open access publishers

### Value proposition

For whom is this good?  What does it do for them?

- Researchers can create generic TEI without worrying about how it will be curated and displayed.
- Tool builders can invest time and money into building tools without fear that they will never be used on other corpora

Who can demonstrate this value in their real-world applications?

- TEI Publisher

To get there, we need presence in conferences.  Which conferences?

###  Add new roles?

* Need to formalize the ways people can participate when not on the technical committee. Ideas:
    * Ambassadors
    * Steering committee
    * Interest group

Agreed:  Establish an Ambassador role and find people to do this.  

Bridget can send an email to the list to solicit ambassadors.   Taking some of our discussions to the list can also help with engagement.
