## Attendees

Bridget Almas

Thibault Clerice

Hugh Cayless

James Tauber

## Action Items

* **Thibault** to enter/update issues for needed website changes identified during the Hamburg workshop
* **Bridget** to enter issues for Versioning and IIIF 

## Next Meeting

We will skip a couple meetings due to summer holidays so the next meeting will be **August 30, 2019**


## Discussion Notes

Thibault reviewed the notes from the DTS Hamburg workshop. Biggest takeways:

* Filter/Search is a much-needed endpoint
* Big gaps in existing implementation guidelines are recommendations for versioning and IIIF integration
* Community building necessary -- we need funding and resources for regular meetings
    * Should we consider more closely aligning with TEI by becoming a TEI SIG? Could this help with meeting funding?
    * Institutional sponsorship would really help here
    * "Relentless" campaigning
    * A standard Poster presentation which could be resused at conferences
* Need to formalize the ways people can participate when not on the technical committee. Ideas:
    * Ambassadors
    * Steering committee
    * Interest group
* Need better documentation on the website including tutorials, recipes, etc.
* Need tools that demonstrate the value
* Need a badge and logo
* Need a resolution service for finding DTS endpoints
    * rerouting requests would be desirable too, but requires a level of institutional infrastructure support and committment
* Still some questions about if/how DTS should support text annotations
    * e.g. give me texts with person/place name annotations
* Website introduction should start with WHY you need DTS instead of how to sign up.
* Need better documentation for how to contribute, how to propose changes, etc. 


