## Attendees

* Bridget Almas
* Ian Scott
* Hugh Cayless
* Thibault Clerice
* Jonathan
* Matteo

## New Action Items 

## New Decisions

## Action Items (from last meeting)

* Thibault to update issue [#164](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/164) with a proposal for 
how the range/capabilities metadata would be represented in the endpoints

Done.  Gold star.

* All to review and comment on [IIIF](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/162) and [versioning](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/161) 
issues by the next meeting (25-Oct-2017)

No gold stars for us. They have requested that we provide guidelines for integrating DTS with an IIIF application.  To do this well, we probably need some use cases.  Need to specify the markup and how the two APIs would be used.

POSTPONE.  After Thanksgiving, Hugh, Jonathan, Matteo can look at this. Jonathan to instigate. ### meeting date ####

* All to review and comment on draft of [SWJ article](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aQfREQtbLzfs6Hkya2QWnAfjOdpkClli3FuvSR4hxQY/edit). Article is due October 31. First drafts by October 21.

Done.

* Bridget to review Perseids implementation

Done.  Three new issues submitted as a result.  Three gold stars.

* Thibault and Ian to implement items [124](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/124) and [141](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/141)

Thibault did this.  Another gold star.  Review namespace issue today.

## Agenda Items

* When do branches get merged?
* Issue 24 (see above)
* Issue 141
* Issue 164

## Next Meeting

25 October - main agenda item will be discussion of  [IIIF](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/162) and [versioning](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/161) 
issues by the next meeting (25-Oct-2017) with a goal of moving closer to a vote.

## Discussion Notes
