## Attendees
* Bridget Almas
* Hugh Cayless
* Jonathan Robie
* Ian Scott
* Thibault Clérice

## Action Item Review

* Ian to merge onto main branch

DONE

* Bridget to merge references into the document

OPEN

## New Action Items

* Thibault to identify someone to submit paper to TEI Journal

## IIIF and Linking

[IIIF and DTS](https://github.com/distributed-text-services/meeting-notes/blob/master/notes/2020-01-31.md)

### Standalone catalog entries

Thibault asks whether it makes sense to have IIIF images as standalone entries in a DTS catalog.

Ian: We don't want to do anything beyond pointing to a top-level IIIF manifest in our catalog.  We do not want to point directly to subitems like transcriptions.

We do want to be able to assert that an image is another representation of a text and to show all corresponding representations.

Thibault: Shouldn't we say a IIIF manifest is a collection, not a resource?  A collection with an ID that is a manifest seems clean.  For instance:

```json
{
     "@context": [{
     ….
     "sc": "http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2#",
     ]}
    "@type" : "Collection",
    "dts:dublincore": {
       "dc:type": [ "sc:Manifest" ]
    },
    "@id" : "https://example.com/iiif/1234.js",
    "title": "BnF fr 411",
    "description": "Contains multiple saint' lives"
}
```

```json
{
     "@context": [{
     ….
     "sc": "http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2#",
     ]}
    "@type" : "Resource",
    "@id" : "/live1",
    "title": "Live 1",
    "members": [
            {"id": "https://example.com/iiif/1234.js"}
    ]
}
```

```json
{
     "@context": [{
     ….
     "sc": "http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2#",
     ]}
    "@type" : "Resource",
    "@id" : "/live2",
    "title": "Live 2",
    "members": [
            {"id": "https://example.com/iiif/1234.js"}
    ]
}
```

TEI Epidoc can contain images that correspond to the transcription.  Multiple transcriptions can point to the same image.

IIIF manifests can contain TEI documents that are transcriptions of the image.

Should a DTS system harvest these relationships and make the correspondences explicit in the catalog?  This could be useful, especially since it saves the user the effort of looking for multiple ways that this relationship could be expressed.

We would like to support IIIF in a way that generalizes to other resource types. For instance, a papyrus could be associated with articles about the papyrus, a website for the owner, images, transcriptions in various places in various formats, lexical entries, morphological analysis and syntax, etc.

Use cases:

- Annotation
- Links
- Embedded images

Is the distinction always clear?  We need to think as clearly as possible about this.

We also have to carefully distinguish two items that are equivalent vs. two items that are peers.  We currently use the same representation for each. We probably need to clarify this by adding metadata properties so that users can specify what these relationships are.  Thibault proposes 'isVersionOf' as a link relation.  Another possibility is to label the kind of container to identify the relationship containment implies.  Another possibility is to tie the relationship to the members.

Decision: We will focus on annotation, links, embedded images, etc. in upcoming meetings.  We will cover the IIIF use cases, but also other media types.  We will coordinate with IIIF to make sure our proposals are sane.

Decision: We want concrete use cases to work this out.

Action:

Jonathan to bring his Enhanced Resource use case.
Thibault to ask Pietro for similar use cases.
Bridget - do you also have similar use cases?
Pelagios, Recogito are also relevant.

We will ask Zach and others for use cases. The IIIF people may also have good ones.

## Next Meeting

28 February 2020
