## Attendees
* Bridget Almas
* Hugh Cayless
* Jonathan Robie
* Ian Scott

## Action Item Review

* Ian made necessary tweaks to the documentation and what has to happen is that someone needs to go through and manually resolve the pull request on the dev branch to master.  There are conflicts so they can't be automatically merged. Ian's goal is to do resolve conflicts and issue a clean PR before the end of the year.

DONE

Needs merging.

=> Ian to merge onto main branch

* IIIF and Versioning: Hugh and Jonathan and Matteo to try to find a time to meet next week to discuss versioning use cases.

DONE

Discussed on Twitter - discuss here

* Bridget will update the list of reference implementations on the website (by December 20)

DONE

Will merge after Ian's merge

* Thibault will send an email to the group to try to make a decision about where to resubmit the DTS paper. Some ideas included Data Science Journal or Journal of Data Mining and Digital Humanities (try to make a decision by December 20)

DONE

But ... no decisions made.

## New Action Items

## IIIF and DTS (what did we learn from the Twitter discussion?)

Hugh: Rough agreement that detailed alignment between IIIF images and TEI texts is the domain of these two specifications, which each have a different way to do this, starting from the image or the text respectively.

We may also want to allow IIIF images in DTS catalogues.  What metadata is required?  How should that link appear?

For a standalone IIIF image as a DTS resource, we think something like this should work:

Images as standalone catalog entries

```javascript
{
    "@context": [{
    ….
    "sc": "http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2#",
    ]}
   "@type" : "Resource",
   "dts:dublincore": {
      "dc:type": [ "sc:Manifest" ]
   },
   "@id" : "https://example.com/iiif/1234.js",
   "title": "I am an image set of the Venetus A MS"
}
```

We also wonder if it might be helpful to let a member resource that is text identify corresponding images.  This opens up some cans of worms, we are not sure we want to go there, but it could look something like this if we do:

```javascript
"dts:images" : [
                    {
                            "@type" : "Resource",
                            "dts:dublincore" : {
                              "dc:type" : [ "sc:Manifest” ]
                            },
                            "@id" : "https://example.org/iiif/book1/manifest",
                            "title": "I am an image set of the same resource as the one I am a member of"
                    }
                ]
```

But this exposes a potential need for a more general approach to resource linking.

## Next Meeting

14 February 2020
