## Attendees
* Bridget Almas
* Hugh Cayless
* Jonathan Robie
* Vincent Jolivet

## Action Item Review

=> IIIF Use Cases

* Thibault to ask Pietro for similar use cases.
* Bridget - do you also have similar use cases?
* Pelagios, Recogito are also relevant.
* We will ask Zach and others for use cases. The IIIF people may also have good ones.

All open - carry over to next meeting

OPEN

=> Thibault, Hugh, Bridget, Ian, Jonathan, Vincent to each propose at least entry for the cookbook

OPEN

We promise to shame people who do not provide something by the next meeting.

One issue per recipe.

## Agenda

### Ian Discussion

Ian is working on expanding / revising the collections endpoint.

Collections and documents can have multiple parents.  There must be one overarching root in each collection.  A collection can exist with no members - in fact, this is the initial state of every collection before you start putting things into them.

### Other XML Vocabularies

Jonathan:  I would like to be able to use other XML vocabularies, etc., for which there is no TEI equivalent.  Why not allow extensibility for any type via Dublin Core?

=> Jonathan can propose this, we will discuss in a later meeting.

Decided:

- Members are open to including catalog entries that are not TEI, but not using the Document endpoint (analogous to IIIF)
- Nobody is offended if someone uses an extended DTS that uses a different XML vocabulary, but the non-conformance should be clearly documented.

### Cookbook

=> Thibault to merge his pull request for the cookbook
=> New recipes should be added as pull requests, which can be attached to issues

### Navigation

Can the navigation of the site be improved?  Particularly the general page, which is a grab bag.  Needs a more streamlined introduction.

=> Bridget to create an issue and make suggestions
=> Could we get a 1-minute lightning talk?

Why does TEI need an API?
(Why does HTML need an API?)

- for users
- for implementers
- for content specialists
- for people getting grants and running programs (probably content specialists)

## Next Meeting

8 May 2020
