
- Thibault
- Hugh
- Jonathan
- Ian
- Vincent
- Bridget

Action: Jonathan to post minutes from last meeting
Action: Vincent to create first draft test page for trying requests / responses

Thibault: Do we have any repository completely up to date with the current spec?  We need that in order to set up this page.

It would be good to have as a reference item.

Action: Bridget/Vincent to plan a Python implementation of the server API, linked to real data - likely in the next few months.

Decision: In addition to objectives from last week, Ian will keep working on CRUD for collections and documentation of endpoints.

Note: Covid-19 is a big load on Ian this year, so he may be slow.
Note: Ian may do a short Youtube video to promote DTS at some point.

Decision: For the next 2.5 months, we will meet 1 hour later than previously.

Thibault: I have a former student working on a logo for DTS.

Next week: Curate the open issues.

Action:  Prepare the discussion on Pietro's issues.
Action:  Hugh to prepare the discussion for issue curation for the next meeting.
