# Attendance:

- Thibault
- Hugh ###
- Jonathan
- Ian

# Action item review

Action 01: Ian will add the `parent` property to the navigation API specification and the examples and submit a pull request that we can approve at the next meeting.

DONE - PR 192

Action 04: Ian will add the `up` link header to the document API specification and the examples and submit a pull request that we can approve at the next meeting.

Note:  For collections, we have `parents`.  These properties have different names, that is intentional.

DONE - PR 193

### Questions for future: references

* Can the children of a document be selected from another document?  Do we need something like entity references in our API?

Action 02: Thibault will create an issue for this

OPEN

Action 03: Hugh will choose a set of issues to discuss in the next meeting

# Discussion

## PR 192

Thibault: this is not symmetrical to 'children', which gives just `ref`s:

```javascript
"member": [
      {"dts:ref": "1"},
      {"dts:ref": "2"},
      {"dts:ref": "3"}
    ],
```

But what do you do at the top?  We need to distinguish:

1. Document is the parent of a top level node
2. Parent of the document does not exist

Jonathan suggests:

When the document itself is the parent:

Level 1: null 

```javascript
"dts:parent" : [ null ]
```
Level 2:

```
{"@type": "Resource", "@id": "urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0012.tlg001.opp-grc5"} 
```

Level 3:

```javascript
{"@type": "Reference", "dts:ref": "1.1.1" }}
```

References must be unique across the entire document.

Issue: Does a range have a parent?

Jonathan, Hugh:  NO
Thibault:  YES - it's the range containing the parents of the endpoints of the range.  Example: 1.1.1,  3.4.5 => 1.1, 3.4

Action 0:  Thibault to open an issue for this
Action 1: Ian to create a pull request with examples illustrating these three levels, using the approach we just agreed on.
