## Attendees
* Bridget Almas
* Hugh Cayless
* Jonathan Robie
* Thibault Clérice

## Action Item Review

* Bridget to merge references into the document

Done

* Thibault to identify someone to submit paper to TEI Journal

* Jonathan to bring his Enhanced Resource use case.

Sure

* Thibault to ask Pietro for similar use cases.
* Bridget - do you also have similar use cases?
* Pelagios, Recogito are also relevant.
* We will ask Zach and others for use cases. The IIIF people may also have good ones.

All open - carry over to next meeting

## Enhanced Resource Use Case

Lets treat this as a grab bag of potential requirements that we can entertain and accept or reject.  Ditto for other use cases.
* Links 
=> Already handled
* Catalog entries (as discussed wrt IIIF)
=> We want to make this more generic, not just for IIIF, but in our own logical space
* Different XML vocabularies - possibly not TEI
=> Not supported.  We have talked about broadening. What does it mean to support?  Need a proposal.
=> Jonathan may do this if he has time
* Annotations (Web Annotation Framework?)
=> What does it mean to support?  Need a proposal.
=> Action: Thibault to do a proposal based on Pietro's proposal
* Correlations
=> Related to Pietro's index endpoint issue (167)
* Reference Systems
** Book / Chapter / Verse, ranges
** Lexeme
** Outline - Table of Contents
** Semantic Domains / Wordnet APIs
=> May explore some of this.

Decision:  Do IIIF first, keep these other things in mind as we design a generic solution.

## Adoption

Can we create a DTS "server out of the box" as a reference implementation?  This would require funding.

## Next Meeting

20 March 2020
