# Attendance:

- Thibault
- Hugh
- Jonathan
- Ian

# Minutes

Status: We accepted this proposal, then reopened it in the last meeting:

https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/issues/196.

Discussion wrt. "level" query parameter.  Decided to keep "level" as the name of the query parameter, need to change the object property that is also called "level" to avoid confusing everyone.

Side note: navigating in a document I landed in randomly is important. I got there via search, now I want to know where I am in the structure.  This will become important in the context of search.  "What is the citation for the hit that I got, and how does that relate to the overall structure?"  We have the bits to support that.

Thibault:

- How far am I from the top of the citation tree?
- How far am I from the bottom of the citation branch I am in?
    - citeMaxDepth
    - Jonathan worries that this might be more complicated & expensive & less well-defined ...

Previously:

'level' (query parameter) = number of levels down, relative, as a result of the query
'dts:level' = where I am in the absolute hierarchy in an object
'dts:citeDepth' = maximum depth in the citation tree of the document

Some possibilities:

'?depth' = number of levels down, relative, as a result of the query
'dts:level' = where I am in the absolute hierarchy
'dts:levels' = maximum levels in the citation tree of the document

'?levels' = number of levels down, relative, as a result of the query
'dts:level' = where I am in the absolute hierarchy
'dts:levels' = maximum levels in the citation tree of the document

/book/*/*/*
= /book//*[level(.) == 2]
vs.
/book//*[level(.) <= 3]

Jonathan: I'm concerned that we're in YAGNI territory.  The simplest thing that could work would be to always return just one level at a time.

Hugh: This is used, e.g. for getting all paragraphs, ignoring chapters or sections.  This is a useful thing to do, but not the principle thing people will do.

Thibault: I think we need functionality precisely because of that.

Jonathan: The semantically clean way to do this is to use a query.

Ian: The use cases are a little different ...

Thibault:  One design principle is to support what CTS does so that CTS apps can be ported easily.

Ian: Main distinction - Document endpoint is for requesting text, Navigation for requesting references from a citation structure.

Jonathan: I'm struggling with semantics because the use case is not clear to me.

Hugh: The main use case I can thing of is "give me a table of contents at level N"
- Jonathan: wouldn't that normally be the entire hierarchy from N down?  do we want to return the entire subtree of references as a result of that query?  References aren't huge ...
- Thibault: some hierarchies may be quite large, e.g. Jeffrey Witt
- Jonathan: even an enormous citation tree is going to be what, 10K?  I would be surprised to see a citation tree of 1 Meg.
- Hugh: if we face capacity issues, we could page the tree
- Thibault: but that's hard
- Jonathan: not if you know the traversal you are using

Ian proposes:
- Default behavior is to return a subtree
- Another parameter strips down

?subtree  - returns the subtree at this level
?skip_levels = "1,2"
?We have level=level we want to retrieve. In mode=tree, we retrieve everything up to the level, in mode=flat, we only get this level.

Jonathan: let's dump this into a Google Doc and get unstuck there.

action: jonathan to do so
