# Attendance:

- Thibault
- Jonathan
- Ian

Regrets:

- Hugh

# Minutes

## Hackathon

- 7 hacks went through
- Immediately followed another hackathon ... people were tired
- 4 or 5 are interesting ...
-- 2 servers for that implement the API: Greek epigraphy and drama
-- IIIF and DTS - more guidelines than an actual hack
-- One transformed DTS responses into PDF
-- Someone built an OpenAPI spec for DTS, but that doesn't play well with DTS
-- DTS to CSV

Lots of questions were raised on Slack, some of these connect to our goals.

Organizers are planning another hackathon, perhaps in person or hybrid.

## Goals for 2021-2022

- Standardized error messages
- Clarity of specific parts of the documentation (revealed in Hackathon), e.g. what are URI templates for?
- Increasing visibility in the TEI community
- Question: Support other XML formats?  HTML?
- Question: Query interface?
- Thibault - we need a cleaner spec - some parts are too vague. Resolve existing issues.
-- Navigation API work from last year.
-- Relationship to Hydra - are we Hydra compatible right now?  If not, what needs fixing?
-- Simplication of API replies, c.f. IIIF, removing namespaces, hiding namespaces with a context file, etc.
-- Few people know about JSON-LD, hiding prefixes would make things clearer for people

Action:

- Everyone to add things to the "proposed" column on the 2020-2021 project.

https://github.com/distributed-text-services/specifications/projects/4

## How do we work more efficiently together?

Problem: We have a status meeting every 2 weeks, but there is usually no new status to report. This is not efficient.  We need a better way to work.  Some possibilities:

1. A workshop format?  In a day or two, we could kick a lot of work out.

Problem: Adoption

Can we build on TEI Publisher?
https://teipublisher.com/index.html

